MMS Pleasure Club Components & Overview

Struct:
-------
Mainmenu -> might need title pic, font or something.
Intro black screen text
Show city
Fade to metro transit
To entrance
To interview
To lounge -> any room
EC encounters -> return above or go resting bed
reach max on any char -> open option for own neuromancy freelance career via anna in her own "office room"
exit game -> go "home" (irl)
continue game <- return from "home" (irl)



Story:
------
Find ad about Pleasure Club
Interested about a new special feature they have
Go there for fun sexy times
Have to do interview to get vetted
Do ritual and bond with Pleasure Club family on a soul level - awaken ability to sense neuromancy (and do it, but not without tutoring)
Ritual causes shift in the mind that makes it feel like the staff of PC are family and awaken a sense of caring towards them
Now have fun with Encounter Characters -> each has their own fantasy, specialization and location they focus on.
Learn from anna while waking up after max level knockout that player too can become a neuromancer. Anna will be a tutor. This is a set of scenes.
Then once graduated from tutoring, you can now do your own set of scenes on other customers.
As a freelancer, you come and go whenever you like as a guest appearance in the Pleasure Club.



Utilities:
----------
No game over, no perma TF. Play, return, redo - infinitely. All on the same save file.
Exiting club via app close or main menu means going home in real life. Loading a save or straing the new game with skipping intro means returning back to it.
Save file keeps track of progress with ECs and their scene unlocks.
There is a cheat to unlock all systems for those who already completed the game and return back after reinstalling the game.
Appdata keeps track of skip unlocks - can be overriden via 'secret cheat(s)' in options or credits page.
New game tries its best to funnel people through the intro and the interview to knock people out that wouldn't enjoy the game.



Assets - Backgrounds:
-big picture city
-metro transit
-entrance
-interview room
-encounter zones (lounge, dressing, booths, courtyard)
-character own theme background visions
-cooldown bed
-anna's teacher room


Assets - Characters:
-anna
-bouncer (fem)
-encounter characters (12x)